Hi Ankit,

I'm glad to hear this good news and enclose my resume as an attachment. Please fell free to review it. Below is my details information.

Full Legal Name:  Kening Qiu
Contact Number: 647-939-6190
Email:  kenin.qiu@gmail.com
Current Location: North York
Visa Status:  PR
Current/Last Salary:  60k
Salary Expectation:  70-75K
Availability:  in 2-3 weeks
Open to Relocate to Richmond Hill ON: Yes
Travel:  Car


1.       What % your time is spent on development vs design vs architecture vs leadership? Does this vary based on the phase of the project?  How much does it fluctuate?
development/design/architecture/leadership   50%/30%/10%/10%
1a. In an ideal world, what percentage of design vs. hands on coding would you like to do?
30%  in design and 70% in coding
2.       Outline your experience (if any) designing and building micro-services, particularly RESTful services.  If none, do you have any related experience or similar approach to re-factoring server logic in support of a modern web application?
We built Restful API with JWT authentication in JAVA for E-commerce Web app.
3.       How much of your time is spent on back-end web development vs. front-end?
60%  vs  40%
3a) Which back-end technologies are you at an expert level in?
JAVA and PHP
3b) What are you favourite JavaScript framework(s) and why?
angular 1 and 2 , it modifies the page DOM directly instead of adding inner HTML code. That's fast and easy for maintenance.
4.       Do you prefer a role where you can wear multiple hats in a dynamic and fast moving environment or a well-definedrole in a very process-oriented environment and clear organizational structure?
I prefer the fast moving environment.
4a) Have you worked in an agile environment? Yes
Yes, we use basecamp and jira 
4b) Have you lead a scrum team before? Yes
No
5.       What qualities of yourself as a developer could potentially inspire a junior developer to look to you for mentorship?
I'm patient and willing to help other developers improve themselves.
6.       How does Markham/Richmond Hill work out for you in terms of location?
I live in North York and plan to move to Markham/Richmond Hill if necessary. 
7.       What have you done outside of work hours to stay abreast of new technologies, give back to the community, or work on special projects?
I'm working on a special project using MEAN framework outside of work hours.

8a) Are there any new technologies have you recently started to learn in this free time and why did you choose them?
I'm learning nodejs , non-sql database cause I believe they will be popular in the future. Javascript is in everywhere.
8.       What experience do you have launching a consumer facing modern web application from start to finish? i.e. from initial concept through to launch and production support.
E-commerce system for consumers.
9.       Describe a situation where you designed a solution to a software problem, discovered limitations in the solution that would require a re-design, and concluded you should cut your losses and start over.  What was the reasoning behind it?
Given a new requirement for a sufficiently complex UI component (eg. something non-trivial: rich text editor, or 3d scatter chart). Do you prefer to a) incorporate a popular 3rd party library that meets the need and adds other advanced functionality and/or programmatic extensibility, or b) one that is light-weight and fits the basic need, or c) write something from scratch?
Please explain your reasoning, and the decision factors you would weigh.
